Prototype README templating (#489)
stackabletech/kafka-operator: README.md

<p align="center">
  <img width="150" src="./.readme/static/borrowed/Icon_Stackable.svg" alt="Stackable Logo"/>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Stackable Operator for Apache Kafka</h1>

[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg)](https://GitHub.com/stackabletech/kafka-operator/graphs/commit-activity)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-green.svg)](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/stable/contributor/index.html)
[![License OSL3.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-OSL3.0-green)](./LICENSE)

[Documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/kafka-operator/stable/index.html) | [Stackable Data Platform](https://stackable.tech/) | [Platform Docs](https://docs.stackable.tech/)

This is a Kubernetes operator to manage [Apache Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org/) clusters.

It is part of the Stackable Data Platform, a curated selection of the best open source data apps like Kafka, Druid, Trino or Spark, [all](#other-operators) working together seamlessly. Based on Kubernetes, it runs everywhere – [on prem or in the cloud]((#supported-platforms)).

## Installation

> You can install the operator using [stackablectl or helm](https://docs.stackable.tech/kafka/stable/getting_started/installation.html).

Reviewer: I would add a code block here that the user can copy&paste to install the operator.. If the user clicks on the link above, he's not combing back to this readme anymore.

Author: If a visitor goes off to the docs and engages with them, that's a win. The job of this README is to invite the reader to trust and try Stackable. Starting to read a more detailed getting-started guide would be an awesome outcome.

I really like the idea of providing an easy on-ramp, and would like to have a "single command, you're good to go" snippet here, but we don't have one. The helm instructions are a bit too verbose for my taste, and `stackablectl` needs to be installed, and it's not as easy as a `curl` or a `brew install`. Also there's the "you probably need a disposable k8s cluster" part, which I fear is not emphasised enough, but that's another topic.

Do you have a snippet in mind which could work here?

Reviewer: This is the minimum required to setup a 3 node Kafka cluster. I think it's good to showcase the operator:

```
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
---
apiVersion: zookeeper.stackable.tech/v1alpha1
kind: ZookeeperCluster
metadata:
  name: simple-zk
spec:
  version: 3.8.0-stackable0.7.1
  servers:
    roleGroups:
      default:
        replicas: 3
---
apiVersion: zookeeper.stackable.tech/v1alpha1
kind: ZookeeperZnode
metadata:
  name: simple-kafka-znode
spec:
  clusterRef:
    name: simple-zk
---
apiVersion: kafka.stackable.tech/v1alpha1
kind: KafkaCluster
metadata:
  name: simple-kafka
spec:
  version: 3.2.0-stackable0.1.0
  zookeeperConfigMapName: simple-kafka-znode
  brokers:
    roleGroups:
      default:
        replicas: 3
EOF
```

Author: That would be a good fit for a section below - either "What Does This Do?" or "Getting Started".

At the "Installation" section the reader probably does not have a cluster ready, nor stackablectl, nor any installed operators.

I'm a bit worried to replicate too much of the getting-started style material here, as it will need to be kept up to date, and the new README is better at building confidence already.

Would you be okay to move forward with the current state, and shift the focus towards bringing all operator READMEs to this level of content, 80-20 style? We can iterate on each from there.

Reviewer: Yeah sure.

Read on to get started with it, or see it in action in one of our [demos](https://stackable.tech/en/demos/).

## Getting Started

You can follow this [tutorial](https://docs.stackable.tech/kafka/stable/getting_started/first_steps.html) to create a Kafka cluster with three replicas.

## Documentation

The documentation for this operator can be found [here](https://docs.stackable.tech/kafka/stable/index.html).

The documentation for all Stackable products can be found at [docs.stackable.tech](https://docs.stackable.tech).

## What Does This Do?

> Operator looks at custom resources in the cluster, and makes sure apps are started according to those custom resources.

Reviewer: I feel this is too vague. I would specifically say that the operator is managing Kafka in Kubernetes and, as part of the SDP, it makes it easy to integrate Kafka with many other tools, like Nifi, etc.

Author: Good point, so a more detailed view of how the SDP consists of many useful parts which work together, tailored to the operator in question. Yeah, the "what is operator" sentence does not serve us well enough here.

If those resources change, the operator makes sure that the right actions are taken so the app is the way you want it to be.

Here's what a custom resource for a Kafka cluster can look like:

```
---
apiVersion: kafka.stackable.tech/v1alpha1
kind: KafkaCluster
metadata:
  name: simple-kafka
spec:
  version: 3.2.0-stackable0.1.0
  zookeeperConfigMapName: simple-kafka-znode
  config:
    tls: null
  brokers:
    roleGroups:
      default:
        replicas: 3
```

## Behind the Scenes

> This operator is written by [Stackable](https://www.stackable.tech) in Rust.

Reviewer: I don't have a clear idea but I feel the "behind the scene" section is more valuable if it shows what the operator does (behind the scene so to speak). Things we have on the features page for example.

> It uses kube-rs to talk to Kubernetes.

Reviewer: IMO this sounds extremely colloquial to me. It's something we say not something we write ;) A suggestion:
```suggestion
This operator uses [kube.rs](https://kube.rs/) to interact with the Kubernetes control plane.
```
